index.md, before:

# John Baskerville Data Analytics Portfolio

### Spotify Song Clustering
**Can I use machine learning to create playlists using attributes from songs in my personal spotify library?**  

In this project I expriment with clustering algorithms to separate my personal spotify library into manageable and meaningful playlists. Spotify assigns each song with 13 calculated [audio features](https://developer.spotify.com/discover/) which I use for attributes when modling. I use [spotipy](https://spotipy.readthedocs.io/en/2.18.0/), a lightweight Python library for the Spotify Web API to collect the my personal data.

- [Spotify Song Clustering](https://john3baskerville.github.io/SpotifyClustering/)

### Predicting the winning team of a League of Legends match
I use data from 10,000 matches and identify important featues as well as develope models to predict the winning team of the match after 10 minutes play time.
- [Simple Logistic Regression: League of Legends matches](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/John3Baskerville/LeagueOfLegendsMatchMLAnalysis/blob/main/LogisticRegressionLOLPrediction.html)
- [Neurel Network Prediction Model](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/John3Baskerville/LeagueOfLegendsMatchMLAnalysis/blob/main/LOLMLPrediction%20.html)

### Used Car Price Prediction Model
- [Used Car Price Prediction: Linear Regression](https://github.com/John3Baskerville/UsedCarPriceLinearRegression)

### NYC Taxi Service: tip percentage prediction
Use public NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission data to help drivers forcast average tip amount for fares starting at NYC airports.
- [NYC Taxi Tip Percentage prediction](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/John3Baskerville/NYC-TLC-Tip-Percentage-Prediction/blob/main/Tip%20Percent%20NN%20and%20Regression.html)


<style>
td, th, table {
   border: none!important;
}
</style>

<table>
 <tr>
    <td><b style="font-size:30px">Contact</b></td>
    <td><b style="font-size:30px">Links</b></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
    <td>
      717-701-7793<br>  
      john3baskerville@gmail.com<br>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-baskerville/">LinkedIn</a><br>
      <a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/john3baskerville">HackerRank</a><br>
      <a href="https://github.com/John3Baskerville">Github</a><br>
      
   </td>
 </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

updated cluster and topic generation links

index.md, after:

# John Baskerville Data Analytics Portfolio

### Spotify Song Clustering
**Can I use machine learning to create playlists using attributes from songs in my personal spotify library?**  

In this project I expriment with clustering algorithms to separate my personal spotify library into manageable and meaningful playlists. Spotify assigns each song with 13 calculated [audio features](https://developer.spotify.com/discover/) which I use for attributes when modling. I use [spotipy](https://spotipy.readthedocs.io/en/2.18.0/), a lightweight Python library for the Spotify Web API to collect the my personal data.

- [Spotify Song Clustering](https://github.com/John3Baskerville/SpotifyClustering/blob/main/Juypter%20Notebooks/SpotifyClustering2.ipynb)

### Naming playlists using song names. 
**Use the song names from each playlist to generate a topic or playlist name**

I use the clusters generated from the Spotify Song Clustering project above as source data for a NLP model which uses the song names as training data.

- [Topic Generation (NLP)](https://john3baskerville.github.io/SpotifyClustering/)

### Predicting the winning team of a League of Legends match
I use data from 10,000 matches and identify important featues as well as develope models to predict the winning team of the match after 10 minutes play time.
- [Simple Logistic Regression: League of Legends matches](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/John3Baskerville/LeagueOfLegendsMatchMLAnalysis/blob/main/LogisticRegressionLOLPrediction.html)
- [Neurel Network Prediction Model](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/John3Baskerville/LeagueOfLegendsMatchMLAnalysis/blob/main/LOLMLPrediction%20.html)

### Used Car Price Prediction Model
- [Used Car Price Prediction: Linear Regression](https://github.com/John3Baskerville/UsedCarPriceLinearRegression)

### NYC Taxi Service: tip percentage prediction
Use public NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission data to help drivers forcast average tip amount for fares starting at NYC airports.
- [NYC Taxi Tip Percentage prediction](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/John3Baskerville/NYC-TLC-Tip-Percentage-Prediction/blob/main/Tip%20Percent%20NN%20and%20Regression.html)


<style>
td, th, table {
   border: none!important;
}
</style>

<table>
 <tr>
    <td><b style="font-size:30px">Contact</b></td>
    <td><b style="font-size:30px">Links</b></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
    <td>
      717-701-7793<br>  
      john3baskerville@gmail.com<br>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-baskerville/">LinkedIn</a><br>
      <a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/john3baskerville">HackerRank</a><br>
      <a href="https://github.com/John3Baskerville">Github</a><br>
      
   </td>
 </tr>
</table>
